Take a piece
OH: "Eeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyy"
FM: "I dress to kill, but tastefully"
FM: " You've got mud on your face"
Bjork: " I am a grateful... grapefruit."

Take a specific piece (back row / pawn)
OH: "This is banging"
FM: "Mamma,I just killed a man"
FM: "No time for losers"
DB: " You've really made the grade"

Lose a piece
FM: "There must be more to life than killing"
DB: "I believe that I often bring out the best in somebody's talents"
OH: " It's all relative, man"

Lose a specific piece (back row / pawn)
FM: "The show must go on!"
DB: "I've never responded well to entrenched negative thinking"
Bjork: " I'm just like anybody. I have my ups and downs."

Dominating
OH: "I am really digging this right now"
FM: "I AM SUPERIOR!"
DB: "We can be heroes! Just for one day."
DB: " We like dancing and we look divine"
Bjork: "If you complain once more, you'll meet an army of me"

Losing badly
OH: "Shit is kicking off right now"
FM: " Caught in a landslide no escape from reality"
DB: "I don't know where I'm going from here, but I promise it won't be boring."
DB: "When I'm stuck for a move, I will drag out my last resort: overwhelming illogic.
Bjork: "State of emergency!"

Win
FM: " I won't be a rock star, I will be a legend"
FM: "We are the champions!"
DB: " I'm an instant star. Just add water and stir."
DB: " You would think that a rock star being married to a supermodel would be one of the greatest things in the world. It is."

Lose
FM: "Who wants to live forever?"
DB: "The truth is of course is that there is no journey. We are arriving and departing all at the same time."
DB: "I'm proud of what I've done. In fact it's been a good ride."
Bjork: " If nothing else, I have money."
BJork: " I don't know my future after this weekend"

Other useful statements
DB: " When you think about it, Adolf Hitler was the first pop star."
DB: " I was never particularly fond of my voice."
DB: " All my big mistakes are when I try to second-guess or please an audience. "
DB: " Keep your mouth shut, you're squawking like a big monkey bird"

Bjork: "Football is a fertility festival. Eleven sperm trying to get into the egg. I feel sorry for the goalkeeper."
Bjork: "People are always asking me about eskimos, but there are no eskimos in Iceland."
Bjork: "I'm a fountain of blood. In the shape of a girl."
Bjork: "The English eat all sorts of birds - pigeons, ducks, sparrows - but if you tell them you eat puffin, you might as well come from Mars."
Bjork: "Singing is like a celebration of oxygen."